Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
My class represents a character that can (or cannot) do all of the verbs promised in the contract. They can grow, shrink, walk (north or south), use, examine, rest, and tell you that they cannot fly. They have a height, a health, and a location all represented by integers. They have an inventory in an arraylist. They can undo their last actions. I added methods to make my code more parsimonius, like remove it, which removes an action from the list of actions taken and is used repeatedly in the undo method. I made getters for each integer variable and a print inventory method and a print actions method in order to test my undo. I also made a changeLocation method which helps the walk method (which just checks that changing location is ok and then does it). Had a lot of fun making these. It was almost like a choose your own adventure deciding how to implement everything. Proud of where it ended up. What didn't end up working for me was a hashtable for the action list. Since you would be walking more than once it didn't make sense to use it as a key for multiple values. I ended up using an Arraylist which was a little dissatisfying since action and input (direction/item/etc) aren't linked, but it worked very well.